# Outline
[Google Drive Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kPasEJxRYtNhyhV3NFdQsXUJOaRsI9TZTQLG1LsjWqo/edit?tab=t.0)

[[Aster Kenos]] is at his shop, bored, when someone comes to his door. This person is [[Tane Altes]], and he is here to convince [[Aster Kenos]] to engage in illegal espionage about events that [[Aeolia]] believes [[Sev’ren]] is responsible for. [[Tane Altes]] is skeptical that [[Aster Kenos]] will agree and fully expects to have to take extreme action to keep his presence in the city secret, but also agrees that [[Aster Kenos]] is the ideal candidate because for this job. He has the skill and the access to do it cleanly. [[Aster Kenos]] catches on sort of slowly because [[Tane Altes]] leads him on gently, but ultimately [[Aster Kenos]] understands the severity of what [[Tane Altes]] wants and turns on him. [[Tane Altes]] tempts [[Aster Kenos]] one last time with an offer of some kind of intellectual and magical curiosity in exchange, and also tells him that the goal is not to destabilize his country, but rather to absolve it. He claims that Aster has the opportunity to potentially stop a war before it starts. He and [[Tane Altes]] have a “fight” in mental wizard chess kind of way, where the focal point of the fight is [[Aster Kenos]] putting [[Tane Altes]] in a strong gravitational field reducing the speed of time around him, and [[Tane Altes]] is able to fight back by manifesting his forcefields with his hyper accelerated mind despite his body being slowed down. The stress of sustaining the warp field is not something [[Aster Kenos]] can do for more than a minute or two and [[Tane Altes]] basically waits him out. They finish the fight with a sort of respect for each other, but are still wary. Ultimately [[Aster Kenos]] agrees, triggering the horrifying vision that triggers the fight, but it is ultimately interrupted by [[Daz]] showing up.

# Notes
## [[Tane's Glasses]]
I like the idea that [[Tane's Glasses]] have been enchanted to have a direct connection to his brain via [[Summoning]] magic and that they could serve as inspiration here for [[Aster Kenos]] to potentially work with [[Tane Altes]] to build a similar high speed interface for [[Aster Kenos]] to replace his physical collapsible orb.
## Aster's Stasis Field
My initial justification/description of Aster's magic is that he's using gravity, or energy density, to create warped spacetime that results in the slower passage of time, but I want to revisit this and make sure the physics are actually even remotely possible. If not, then I might switch his magic to be raw time manipulation using [[Summoning]] and [[Augmentation]].

After doing some math on some online calculators, it seems like getting a 10:1 time factor using a mass that is 3ft and 10 feet from the two positions would require something like 100 times the mass of earth, which is... nonsense lol. This might not be possible the way I'm imagining it. I was also considering avoiding part of this issue by claiming that he was simply condensing [[Aura]] itself as a form of energy to slow time, because all energy contributes to time dilation, not just mass. The issue is that all energy contributes to *gravity* as well, so this actually changes nothing. I may need to switch him to direct time control in order for this to work in way that doesn't fuck everything up.

If I change him, then I think I'm changing him to [[Summoning]]: Dimensional warping, and [[Augmentation]]: Fundamental forces. I would keep the same limitations f distance, and I would keep the same micro black hole network exploit to overcome it, but the magic he is working over that network would be raw time control, not necessarily gravity.