[[Magic]] is the process of spending [[Aura]] to produce any of a wide variety of effects, which might be otherwise imposible by non-magical means.
# The Origin of Magic
In the same way that all beings generate [[Aura]] but only large beings like [[Primordial]]s or [[Great Spirit]]s produce meaningful amounts, all beings generate a mechanism or framework by which [[Magic]] can actually be enacted, but these frameworks are equally minuscule compared to their source. In small beings, such as humans, this framework presents itself as their [[Dynamic]]. In the largest of beings, such as the [[Primordial]]s, the degree that they affect the laws of the universe is so great that it enables world changing feats of [[Magic]] to be performed.
## The Magic of Creation
Most people on [[Pernicion]] understand there to be a single source of [[Magic]]: The [[Primordial]] [[Spirit]] of the gas giant their planet orbits, the [[Third Primordial]]. More educated people understand that, while this is technically true, the [[Third Primordial]]‘s magic was modified by the [[Precious Ones]] after the deaths of all three [[Primordial]]s and split into distinct [[Magical Branches]]. These [[Magical Branches]] are: [[Alchemy]], [[Augmentation]], [[Manifestation]], and [[Summoning]].

Without this segmentation it would have been impossible for mortals to do [[Magic]] in any useful capacity. The act of channeling [[Aura]] damages the conduit, and in living beings this damage presents as [[Aura Poisoning]]. The amount of damage is proportional to the amount of [[Aura]] you are channelling, but it is *also* proportional to the complexity of the effect you are creating. The separation of [[Magic]] is what allows for casting “simple” [[Magic]] by splitting the entirety of the framework down into multiple simpler ones. These [[Magical Branches]] individualy cause significantly less [[Aura Poisoning]], but still interfere destructively when used simultaneously to produce complex spells that require the use of more that one branch.
## The Magic of Entropy
There is a second, lesser known, source of magic on [[Pernicion]]. When the planet was created during [[The Age of Primordials]], a [[Nova Shard]] of the [[First Primordial]] was encased as its core. This magic, [[Keywords/Magic/Dark Aura]], is like it’s source: single minded and one-dimensional. On it’s own, in its “pure” form, it has exactly one function: consume and convert anything and everything into more of itself.

It has been experimented with multiple times throughout history, usually with catastrophic results.
- [[Great Disaster]]
- [[Dark Aura Project]]